zeyuan
Who are you?
You are the street of Charity Zeyuan Gege
Woman, I suggest you get to know each other better
Leave him now
Why did you let me leave him?
Do you know who Zeyuan Gege is?
His surname is Huo, and he also calls it the disaster of the richest Huo family
What are you saying?
It seems that you don't know his true identity either
It seems that he also knows that you are not worthy of him
What about Brother Zeyuan?
He is the eldest son of the Huo family
With a village girl like you
It will only smear the gaze of the Huo family
And you didn't know it, did you?
This hospital belongs to our Lin family
Just a word from me
You can make the doctor immediately give up on Brother Zeyuan
What do you want to do?
Ji Yanxi compares with me
I'll give you 10 million
You leave the resource brother
I can guarantee that he will be discharged in good health.
otherwise
You'll only have his ashes
I promise you.
You need to stop
By the way, I heard that you still have a wild seed in your stomach
Here is 10 million
Get rid of the baby
Then go away
Otherwise, your brother Zeyuan and your children will both